what's going on guys sarcasm here today
a few as a hundred and eight kill
gameplay and you see right now the score
is 20 and seven at the end of the first
round keep that in mind but real quick
if you want to give you guys a quick tip
I'm sure a lot of you guys know this but
you run a lot faster if you have a knife
out as your secondary then if you do
have any primary so that's just a quick
tip you know if you have you're just
running only one gun one primary gun no
secondary weapon you could switch to the
knife just for a small small speed boost
and I use that like the beginning of the
rounds and etc just get to place a
little bit quicker I know a lot of you
guys probably know that but I'm sure
there are a few guys who don't so this
is a hundred eighty kill gameplay like I
said and 20 kills at the end of the
first round that means i did get like 80
kills within four minutes this round
because the game didn't even go the full
time limit the game went until there was
like a minute left on the clock so the
game ended and we just ended up
capturing but still is good gameplay
nonetheless is super fast pace you know
that equates to like look at me failing
I try to shoot the dead body after I
already killed him I hate how the
blackbird or the vsat rather takes like
a couple seconds for the enemies to fade
away after you kill them because it kind
of Miss represents where they are in my
opinion sometimes it just throws me off
sometimes I'll go to shoot someone who's
already dead like you just saw the hair
I didn't know if there was someone else
to spawn there but whatever just it
happens so yeah this is pretty good game
fast-paced and real quick just something
i want to mention i hit like 37 thousand
subscribers yesterday and this is no i
mean it's a it's a big number don't get
me wrong but this is not like historical
landmark you know people have hit this
number before but it's just the rate
I've been growing its really really
insane thanks to you guys and I can't
thank you guys enough for the support
and I know it's it's cliche and I say
it's a lot but like I truly I appreciate
it and does mean a lot to me you guys
like my videos like crazy and like the
ratings have just been going absolutely
insane so I really do appreciate it
shows me that uh I have a crazy support
base and I can't thank you guys enough
so anyway enough about that back to the
gameplay like I said I started off
really bad in this game okay I mean 20
kills is not the greatest start and I
had seven death so it was really fresh
reading I was starting to get fried
traded actually and that's something
that I think a lot of people this is
where they tend to go wrong they just
start to get frustrated and they let it
negatively impact you like they just
continue to let this this bad start or
whatever this bad part of the game
frustrate them they let it get the best
of them i know you know i am guilty of
this sometimes too don't get me wrong I
do this sometimes hands down its just
there are times where just gets so
frustrating that you feel like there's
nothing you could do to combat it and to
come back but really if you let it get
you that's probably the worst thing you
could do you know if you really are kind
of if you're really letting it bother
you that you had a rocky start it's just
gonna make the rest of the game that
much harder so my suggestion for you is
to just relax and think of it like a
fresh start you know the change of the
rounds personally I'm not a fan of it I
think you kill some momentum but there
are times when you're doing bad and it
kind of you can kind of see it as like a
fresh start that's kind of what I try to
do this game I tried to consciously say
you know what I may have started off not
that well but there's still time for me
to do something better and there's still
a possibility that i can improve and i
could do better this game which is
exactly what happened so it's you know a
lot of it is due to the streaks of
course but just in general you know
there is still a lot you could do to
change the momentum of the game even if
you only have four minutes left as you
see from this video I'm I know a lot of
things about my way in this game and you
know this is pretty much the perfect
scenario but I'm just saying in general
you don't want to let one bad round or
one bad little streak get to you because
it's not going to help you play better
it's not going to help you you know do
anything better so I suggest you either
you know kind of just relax and try to
restart try to restart yourself or just
if it's frustrating you that bad I would
really suggest taking a break from the
game because no one wants to play the
game when you're frustrated and you know
some people do that they just continue
to play I'm guilty of its this too
sometimes well just continue to play
just for the sake of playing but it's
it's not good it doesn't help you at all
it's not productive so anyway guys is a
final score 108 and 10 and I hope you
guys enjoyed thanks for watching leave a
like if you did enjoy like I said you
guys been go
hammer MC Hammer ms MC Hammer on the
ratings and let's try to keep that up so
if we get a thousand ratings or
something just something like that that
would be super super handy know so
thanks for watching hope you enjoy it if
you did like I said leave like you hated
it sure dislike these may have comments
and I'll subscribe